Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you, I'm good. You look like you've got things kind of weighing heavy on. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Had a pretty
Daniel Guerrero: rough week
Daniel Guerrero: So I'm going to experiment most part. Things are just
Daniel Guerrero: I guess it's falling back into place, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: So right now I'm in my car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go off video for just a second, let me just hear you on audio.
Daniel Guerrero: Give me one second. I'm going to take you off the Wi Fi.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, so right away.
Daniel Guerrero: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: You use in data. What do you do
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now are using data.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, just moved. I got off the Wi Fi to just use my data.
Daniel Guerrero: I got unlimited data, but I met my job.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm in the car so
Daniel Guerrero: I came out to have a meeting with you when I came out I had dropped my wife off this morning.
Daniel Guerrero: And so I just figured since I'm here.
Daniel Guerrero: Just we just had our meeting here instead of
Daniel Guerrero: Having to go back home and then having to come back or whatever the case may be.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to hear a little bit about what made this week hard um
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, so
Daniel Guerrero: So, last Friday.
Daniel Guerrero: About 130
Daniel Guerrero: I picked up my check from work.
Daniel Guerrero: And I was driving to the bank.
Daniel Guerrero: And I seen
Daniel Guerrero: What I had seen was I had seen these officers. They had this people pulled over, right.
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Well,
Daniel Guerrero: They see me, are they seeing vehicle.
Daniel Guerrero: Because there's there's like two trucks in town that are almost spray painted the same like to see like
Daniel Guerrero: So my father in law. Let me just pick up. But before I got out of prison, someone had taken it spray painted it like blue and black, you know, just try to cover it up. So no one could recognize it.
Daniel Guerrero: But we ended up finding it. And so now it's painted blue and black. Oh, there's another vehicle that's exactly the same model that almost identical to mine now.
Daniel Guerrero: You know it's spray paint.
Daniel Guerrero: Well,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I'm just thinking it was just like
Daniel Guerrero: Hey, say it a false false
Daniel Guerrero: Identity or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mistaken Identity.
Daniel Guerrero: There you go, mistaken identity and oh
Daniel Guerrero: Well, the officer.
Daniel Guerrero: Turns around sees me get to his vehicle leaves a person that he had pulled over and turns around, it comes, it pulls me over.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, right. And so his reason for pulling me over that my brake lights weren't working
Daniel Guerrero: I was like, well, you know, it's kind of impossible because I just recently got them fixed, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Well anyways, so the cases is that a
Daniel Guerrero: Right now I have
Daniel Guerrero: My license are suspended revoked because I gotta do lie in 2002 and New Mexico.
Daniel Guerrero: And the state of New Mexico, by law, it's mandatory that if you have a DWI that you get an interlock in your car. Well, I got a lot right I had gotten one and
Daniel Guerrero: But they wanted me to pay the reinstatement fee for my license. And then I had a ticket. When I was on the run. I went to the state of Iowa and I was up there and I got pulled over. This is how I end up getting caught. I got pulled over.
Daniel Guerrero: And already knew matters who were bad, so I didn't want to make them worse. So I just went ahead and pulled over.
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: They gave me a ticket for no driver's license. Well, with that they put a suspension on my license, so that I could not get a license in the state and the nation. They put a nationwide suspension on my driver's license until I paid that ticket.
Daniel Guerrero: So I ended up going to jail.
Daniel Guerrero: Spent this horrible weekend.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: Almost. I want to say almost like it almost took me back to where I was like, I'm just a failure just messing up you know
Daniel Guerrero: Because I saw the inside of that place or the
Daniel Guerrero: Where I just want to forget, you know, because like that's not me anymore, you know, and it was it was it was hard. It was pretty tough.
Daniel Guerrero: And then, you know, having to call my family from again the damn phone system that they have in there.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I finally get out Monday.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, then
Daniel Guerrero: I get out my day. I had to open Tuesday.
Daniel Guerrero: And that's when I had to, you know, go to group, you know. No, no, that was tough for me, you know, because
Daniel Guerrero: You know i don't i don't like to not miss you know I like to stay
Daniel Guerrero: You know, on point.
Daniel Guerrero: And then, you know, then they call me into work, you know, and whatever, right, whenever I checked in virtual clinic.
Daniel Guerrero: My boss calls me, he's like, well, you know, Nicole. You know his daughter sick, she's having to take it to the emergency room. I need you to come in right away.
Daniel Guerrero: I said, Well, I'm about to have a doctor's appointment and you're just like, can you reschedule. I really need you here, and I'm just like, man, because he kind of made me on. You know what I mean. And I know
Daniel Guerrero: It now kind of just feel like know obligated.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Because we remember we talked about, um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know me feeling like I'm backed up in a corner. And now, like maybe, maybe I was just filling space here at work, but
Daniel Guerrero: I guess, I guess, I guess I just wasn't looking at the whole picture because you know through this whole time that I mean it was only four days that I was in jail, but for the four days that I was in jail.
Daniel Guerrero: You know they overlooked for my family, you know, is there anything guys need what Daniels gone, please let me know. You know, you know, whatever we can do to help
Daniel Guerrero: And well,
Daniel Guerrero: So when I get out my boss is like you know what's what's going to keep you out of jail, no.
Daniel Guerrero: And I, at first I kind of took it offensive because I'm like dude, I've been working here for a whole year. You know, I'm not like some car trouble maker. Right. And I said, what
Daniel Guerrero: Do I say, What the hell do you mean what's going to keep me out of jail. Yeah. Like, I don't mean it like that. He was like, how can I help
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. All right.
Daniel Guerrero: So I was like, Now that may, you know, and so I apologize. I said, well,
Daniel Guerrero: I have this ticket in Iowa this you know
Daniel Guerrero: I want $500 that I need to pay so that way they can let the suspension, so I can get an interlock in my truck and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, see about hopefully get the interlock in my car, get the driver's test. Get the interlocking my car before court.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, and hopefully you know present this to the judge a judge, look. Yes, I messed up. But this is what I've done to correct it. And, you know, maybe, maybe, just give me a fine or, you know, maybe just drop it, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: Let me go on.
Daniel Guerrero: So that's that's that's been my week
Gwenevere Abriel: What did he say after that.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, my boss.
Daniel Guerrero: He gave him the $500 to pay the ticket.
Really
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: So it's like
Daniel Guerrero: Whatever he did that.
Daniel Guerrero: Was like
Daniel Guerrero: My first thought was, at first I was like
Daniel Guerrero: I felt like I wasn't you know man enough to my own responsibilities. Right. You know, because I was just like, Damn, you know, that's my responsibility to pay that ticket not no one else's
Daniel Guerrero: And so then
Daniel Guerrero: He's all like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, let's just get it paid
Daniel Guerrero: And then what made me realize that he was looking out for his interest and not my interest is because he's like, I can't go another weekend without you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: I was like, all right, you know. So anyways,
Daniel Guerrero: So we got the ticket paid and, you know, they sent me
Daniel Guerrero: They sent me this paperwork, you know, showing day
Daniel Guerrero: They live. They live the suspension like it's like it's saying that they lift the suspension.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: On my, on my driver's license.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that.
Daniel Guerrero: So now that's, you know, that's a step forward and then so like
Daniel Guerrero: But
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I try not to have bad weeks I try not to let you know know we talked about that petty, you know, any stuff, you know, I try not to let that petty stuff bother me anymore.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, trying to become like more mature in that in that area because I used to be the worst with the petty crap you know and so
Daniel Guerrero: It's, it's been a long week say the least, because now I'm having to come in like an extra 30 minutes early, you know, 45 minutes early into work, you know, and make cover that because you know I missed, I missed three days I missed four days of my paycheck.
Daniel Guerrero: And so it's just like staying extra coming and extra
Daniel Guerrero: And, you know, and now, and so he tells me he's like
Daniel Guerrero: Because I've been telling him, You know, for the past six months, seven months. I say we need to get a weekend crew to come in.
Daniel Guerrero: Because we're closed on Sunday. And I said, Come in and you know just clean up the restaurant, you know, like, I'm not saying that we haven't done a restaurant. What I'm saying is that, you know, there will be some deep
Deep
Daniel Guerrero: Right, so
Daniel Guerrero: Yesterday, he's all like remember
Daniel Guerrero: That a DVD, we've been talking about it and stuff. And I was like, yeah, so why don't you come in on Sundays and do that and
Daniel Guerrero: Was quite the money that you owe me
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. No way. Right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did now he that was open ended. He didn't say how many Sundays. He didn't say how long, so I want to know what you said after he said, and then we'll squash that $500 you owe me. What did you say
Daniel Guerrero: Well, my, my immediate response was, like, okay, you know, like, oh yeah, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Um, but, you know, he wasn't. It wasn't a specific, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: He basically said this was no let's just get this, you know, cleaned up, you know, let's just get, you know, looking know
Daniel Guerrero: in top shape. You know, so
Daniel Guerrero: You know me personally, I've taken me personally, I'm thinking maybe you know five days. I mean, five, five hours on a Sunday, you know, come in at, you know, eight o'clock in the morning seven o'clock in the morning, go home by noon, so I can still have the rest of my day, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And you know just keeping track of, you know, what I've done. And you know the hours. I've done yeah right away.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Of 50 hours.
Daniel Guerrero: Basically what I own the code of the $500
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because he's paying me 1025 an hour, I guess, something like that.
Daniel Guerrero: So, you know, something like 45 hours. I was what I owe him knows as far as cleaning, but there's not 45 hours worth of work to be done in here, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: So like the work that needs to be done is, you know, do some basic stuff, you know, maybe
Daniel Guerrero: You know, some extra scrubbing on the walls, you know, some extra you know
Daniel Guerrero: Stuff like that, you know, but
Daniel Guerrero: To me it to me. I'm kind of I'm grateful for it, you know, because I probably would have been able to do it otherwise. And I would have probably went to court with the judge and Ben like
Daniel Guerrero: And he would have been like, all right, you're going to jail for seven days because in the state of New Mexico. It's a mandatory seven days driving on a
Daniel Guerrero: Suspended revote license.
Daniel Guerrero: So, you know, it's
Daniel Guerrero: It's extremely heavy for me because
Daniel Guerrero: It's something that I don't want to have to me personally relive but the same time my kids have to relive it like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, on the 20th on the 20th of this month, you know, I was out for a whole year for a prison planet. Make it because on the 18th. I went to jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it counts. Oh, cut it out, it counts jails, not the same as president. Come on now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't mess with yourself, don't undo what you did, don't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's not the same. Come on, really, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm sorry you froze up on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you froze. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know that anniversary means a lot to you but you know that prison is not the same as a county jail.
Daniel Guerrero: Right well
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, but I just I just kind of feel like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, just me going to jail. I mean, even though, even though it's just for like a civil infraction, you know, like, you know, without a license, whatever.
Daniel Guerrero: To me was a big deal because you know that's something that I didn't want you know to present to my family again did
Daniel Guerrero: Dad. Sorry for
Daniel Guerrero: Me, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: My kids.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You said our connections kind of crummy you said your, your kids kind of freaked out a little bit. What would they say
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: I probably shouldn't you know this, you know, just
Daniel Guerrero: It just kind of like open my eyes and paint a day to you know what's going on around me.
Daniel Guerrero: But I feel like, but I feel like I got you know I got pretty good shape going on.
Daniel Guerrero: Think, at least, you know, look, you know, I haven't, I haven't been touched in any pills and so long. You know, I've had extra money.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, good things that my kids need, you know, to, you know, help
Daniel Guerrero: You know, pay our bills on. I'm like, you know, I was letting my I was loading my legs to go climate seven
Daniel Guerrero: Me on it and I'm trying to catch up and trying to catch it and trying to catch up and work today, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I paid my electricity bill. And for now, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: $120
Daniel Guerrero: And boom, you know. And to me, it's to me. It's like a big progress because we've, you know, this is something I've never done before you
Daniel Guerrero: Know, so
Daniel Guerrero: The last thing I wanted to get her go still amuses home old house meter in my house. You know, I learned how to become electrician by doing shit like that excuse my language. But you know, I became a plumber because
Daniel Guerrero: For my water off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: When I went and did is I went and illegally turned it back on, you know, I cut the law or they took the whole meter at one time.
Daniel Guerrero: And all it all it takes is a two inch fitting in a an inch and no one, three quarters fitting and you and you put them together. Well, they can't take the little, the little nozzle out or they can take us Demeter out
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Daniel Guerrero: So I hope those two things I turned a little water back on and I have water leak illegally.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. So you're trying to do this, this life legit and and there's, there's, there's some pride in it to that you're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm gonna, I'm going to say, let's take your video off for just a little bit, just because we're having some difficulty here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there
Daniel Guerrero: Was one way
Daniel Guerrero: Should I call you right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, let's just, I'm just now, just take you off video poker stop video for a second, I, I've tried it twice. You're going to have to do it because it's not working on my end just yeah there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So Daniel if what I'm hearing is you've got to put together 50 hours and then it's clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can certainly write it down, keep track of it have him sign in each week say just trying to really make sure I'm staying up to date with it so that there's no confusion at the end. I'm so grateful for the help, like I didn't have that lump sum. I'm really appreciative.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it. So there's that 50 that that those 50 hours you know you've got it on a piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I started to write down a couple of things I wrote down a goal of I need an interlock and I wrote down get driver's license, but I don't know if those are things that you want on your treatment plan. I can take them right back out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they like I need to get the interlock. Is that something that you do want to do
Daniel Guerrero: Now, that's, that's something that was most definitely gonna have to be done.
I went
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I have court. I have I have court June 9
Daniel Guerrero: So we're. I mean, we're just days away. You know, like two weeks.
Daniel Guerrero: What 17 days away. Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: So where do you go to get it. What do you have to do to go
Daniel Guerrero: Well, actually.
Daniel Guerrero: It's right next door to it's right next door to my job. So when I get off the phone with you.
Daniel Guerrero: Want to set up an appointment with this guy next door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there we go.
Daniel Guerrero: And then
Daniel Guerrero: And then also
Daniel Guerrero: So you can't get into the DMV without an appointment. So the second I got out of Joe I called the DMV and Santa Fe.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: I had to set up an appointment through them. Okay, so
Daniel Guerrero: June 1
Six.
Daniel Guerrero: Years. They finally open up the DMV, but it's like I said appointment only so when they open up the DMV. It's already scheduled. You know, so
Daniel Guerrero: The earliest word
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's an appointment of the third. So the third is
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday and what time is it out on the third. Do you remember
Daniel Guerrero: That's a 232 30
Gwenevere Abriel: And your, your boss knows about the 230 appointment and he knows about court on the night
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good, good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now what about driver's license. That's the, that's the DMV piece right
Daniel Guerrero: Right so so
Daniel Guerrero: I'm guessing what they're going to want to do is they're going to want to like want me to come in because it's how it worked last time I went and told them that I need to work on an interlock license.
Daniel Guerrero: He had me take your driver's test.
Daniel Guerrero: I took the driver's test than I had, and after passing the driver's test, they gave me this b&b
Daniel Guerrero: Yet to go online schedule an appointment for them to come in and do that driven, you know, because you can't do it in the same day.
Daniel Guerrero: For whatever reason you can't do it in the same day not never seen that before. And, but
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know, vicious maybe because this DMV is so small that they have to like do that so they can have like a scheduled appointment, whatever, because
Daniel Guerrero: When I was in Texas in Lubbock, I went into the driver's test 30 minutes later I was on the road, taking the risk the driving part of it, you know.
Daniel Guerrero: I took the written part. Then I took the drivers part I got my driver's license that day. You know, so
Daniel Guerrero: I don't get it. How they work here, but that's the way they do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now you are already moving forward. You know, we're going to do when you get off of the zoom meeting with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that you and I can process is just getting it all off your chest about this idea that is the fear that your kids view you in a negative way is that the biggest emotional obstacle or is it how you're viewing yourself.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: I guess I'm going to try to, I want to try and move closer to my
Daniel Guerrero: Move closer to the building.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, are you
Daniel Guerrero: Sure. Can you hear me okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can hear you.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, well I just because at the end of what you were saying you were breaking up so I couldn't understand me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too bad.
Daniel Guerrero: So john
Daniel Guerrero: I apologize, I repeat,
Daniel Guerrero: Them at home right
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, are you able to hear me fluidly
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes so so Daniel. My question is, is the is the biggest stressor for you right now on an emotional level what your children family think of you, or is the biggest challenge what you think of you.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, you know, I just
Daniel Guerrero: I think i think you know 90% of that is you know myself, you know, because I
Daniel Guerrero: Don't wanna. I don't want to go to that.
Daniel Guerrero: I don't have to go through that whole process of getting back into the system.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I've never been, it's been 12 years since I've been out of the system. Well 13 years. Now this past year made 13 years, you know, finally I have, I mean 12 years and the system one year out
Daniel Guerrero: And here I am again, possibly a chance of maybe getting probation or, you know, some unsupervised. You know, deal at the magistrate court where, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: But it's my first offense on driving on revocation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: It's my, my first offense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel. Keep in mind if if it turns out that you need to include that you are, you're in, you're in a program if it turns out that that looks good, make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I connect on that level where you get a release of information and I can write a letter saying you're participating in a program. It turns out that that's helpful. Sometimes the court system likes that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it sounds like what you're doing is
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: The deal here you you broke some laws in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it didn't happen. This didn't happen overnight and and and and you're paying a price.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's catching up. And so what. So, okay, fine. You know what I did some things. I'm not proud of, um, I couldn't just walk right out of prison. I didn't have, you know, I'm not independently wealthy. I couldn't just pay off at $500 couldn't go get the interlock I've had some challenges.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't have to just be you coming down on yourself. It's not what's defining and what defines you is what you do at this moment. All you have to do is when you leave me. You just go to the next right thing. The next right thing will happen. Don't complicate it with self doubt.
Daniel Guerrero: And you know that's and that's the part that's a part of the part of it, you know, because
Daniel Guerrero: Like I try not to be so doubtful. You know, I try not to be so hard on myself. You know, so I've come to realize that you know what i'm so hard on myself. It's just like more stressful. You know, it's just like
Daniel Guerrero: Now always trying to please everybody.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it's hard. You know, it's difficult, because you know i want i want to please the kids. I want to please my wife, you know, I want to, I want to, you know, please. The my employer, you know. So for me, it's
Daniel Guerrero: It's a big deal. You know, like I try not
Just
Daniel Guerrero: Its kind of heavy, you know, and it's not just something you know
Daniel Guerrero: That you can just talk to about anybody you know and that's why, that's why I'm kind of thankful for these you know sessions, because
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I even tried to talk to this about to my wife, and you know, and of course you know she's all like, Oh, you're doing all the right things. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, but
Daniel Guerrero: At the end of the day is like what she even really listening, you know, because we're watching TV. The kids are yelling or, you know, or something, you know, you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I get it.
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: And so so honestly like those this conversation. You know, it can come out, you know, the way it's supposed to come out.
Daniel Guerrero: I can get the feedback that I need to get back, you know, or because you know
Daniel Guerrero: I don't wanna. I don't want to
Daniel Guerrero: Just a lot, you know, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Will get it off your test Daniel just you just went through a really stressful event and you're still in it. Just get it all out. Let me listen to you. Let me hear you.
Daniel Guerrero: So it's only that to, you know, is because, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: It's a lot then my dad, you know, my guys kind of sick too so that that puts a little bit of stress on me to, you know, you know, because I know
Daniel Guerrero: Growing up, growing up.
Daniel Guerrero: I never really knew my real dad until I turned like 25 I met my real dad.
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: Like actually met him, madam, you know, like sat down, had a nice conversation Jenner taught
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, and so now he'll be in a hospital.
Daniel Guerrero: Know my mom so
Daniel Guerrero: It's kind of know going along ways to everything is
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how is it making you feel that this dad that you just met basically just getting to know him just met him, and now he's in the hospital. What is it making me think about
Daniel Guerrero: Oh you know that's that's
Daniel Guerrero: That's kind of rolling for me because like I don't know how to feel emotionally. You know, like
Daniel Guerrero: Because, you know, part of me, you know, Lowes, my dad you know me, I love him, you know, because you gave me life. You know, it's my dad, my father, whatever.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, he came down a couple weekends ago my mom came down couple weekends ago and it was like so great. It was like
Daniel Guerrero: I actually had, you know, like a dad, you know, not like a stepfather. There was always, you know, down my ass and know you're never going to be perfect. You know, he's like,
Daniel Guerrero: And my, my dad was just like, Now son, you really got things going on, you know, you're looking good. You're looking healthy families. Looking good.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because I came down for Mother's Day.
Daniel Guerrero: And so it was, it was really nice to know and then my mom went home. So she called me the next day and
Daniel Guerrero: She was saying, do you know how proud. My dad was on me because
Daniel Guerrero: I got to remind you that my dad has never seen me and you know having this much progress is always seen the addicted Daniel addicted.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, no fun, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: So it kind of, you know, it was refreshing, you know, to, you know, hear my mom. Tell me know that I get to do so proud of me and
Daniel Guerrero: That because I never really had you know that, you know, I, well, I've always had his
Daniel Guerrero: Amount to share
Daniel Guerrero: And now it's like that right there is is like kind of what's holding me together is because you know it's tough, because I don't want to lose everything that I've gained
Daniel Guerrero: And I've only been out one year I've only been out one year and the one year that I have been out, you know, when I first got out know the kids were sky FT or like child protective services.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: My wife was messing up ever. That's a whole different story. But anyway, so when I came home, you know, that was a progress that we had to do you know so I had to fight and fight and fight to get to where I'm where I'm at today and I just don't want to lose it behind
Daniel Guerrero: A citation or, you know, get put on probation and here I am sucked back into a system that continues, you know, that's, I believe it's there to help people. But at the same time, it hasn't ever helped me don't think it's ever given me was my was my DLC number renewed and
Daniel Guerrero: So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, Daniel. This is where
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the thinking can change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: If you catastrophizing if it turns out they put you on some sort of supervision.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter that nothing. It's not going to be inconvenient. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be inconvenient the data you get to decide how much meaning that has I I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm paying for some things that I did in my past. And as much as I don't like it. I did do some things. And this is, this is how it's rolling out. I am going to focus on the present.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you beat yourself up all of what you have worked for. It'll. It'll fade away really fast.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh yeah, and I agree with that. So whenever I got out of prison.
Daniel Guerrero: My wife had gone to jail because she was driving on revocation as well. Right.
Daniel Guerrero: So she went to jail. And they ended up giving her one year probation.
Daniel Guerrero: It was supervised, but it's just like a misdemeanor probation.
Daniel Guerrero: Right and
Daniel Guerrero: And it went by so fast like next month. I think she gets off my
Gwenevere Abriel: Desk fast right
Daniel Guerrero: So, I mean, the year went by so quick and
Daniel Guerrero: But the whole thing is
Daniel Guerrero: Is I don't think I need that restraint. You know, I don't think that I need. I don't think I need that a supervision.
Daniel Guerrero: No, but
Daniel Guerrero: For whatever reason,
Daniel Guerrero: Now I feel like I'm going to go back into that supervision, you know, it's kind of tough for me.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Daniel, the meaning that it's making for you. The fact just imagine you're back on supervision, maybe even an ankle bracelet. What a pain in the ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know what Daniel. It's what you do with that event that is going to make or break your future. If you catastrophizing meaning it's the end of the world. I'm back in the system systems never done anything for me. Screw it. I'll never make it on the outside. If you do that,
Gwenevere Abriel: Every other decision you make, is going to be this negative
Gwenevere Abriel: Minimization of all the effort if you do it differently, Daniel. If you just say, Okay, I'm going to do everything I can to prevent that supervision, but if it happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to say to myself, you know what I'm paying for some things that I did in the past. Whatever, I'll get through this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know what, I also I lost heating and I learned how to be a plumber.
Gwenevere Abriel: I lost my electricity. And I learned about electricity. I've also been able to take a really crummy situation and I've been able to turn it around and learn from it all. This is just another opportunity because the alternative, Daniel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going back to that life if you if you get sucked back in to that. I can't do it. I'm like legit kind of life. I can't do it. Look, it's it's it's set up to fail.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you get that thinking in your head. I'm afraid you're, you're going to throw your hands up and say, I'm just forget it's not worth it. That's my fear.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and I was thinking about that too. You know, because of
Daniel Guerrero: This last time that I was on probation I seemed like that everything that I was trying to do right came out wrong. You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Of course, when I got out, you know, I was doing great doing great. Can I got some pills and then I couldn't find the pills, you know, the doctor wasn't writing my script anymore. I couldn't find the pills on the street. So I ended up using some math.
Daniel Guerrero: And then it just snowballed from there, you know, just went from bad to worse to
Daniel Guerrero: Prison and
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, I know today that I got a stronger head on my shoulders, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: It's just, to me, as I just don't want to have to go through that crap. Again, you don't have to
Daniel Guerrero: Deal with all that and and I knew, I knew this was something that was going to catch up to me because you know the signs were
Daniel Guerrero: The signs were everywhere you know my I had my mom. Have you worked on your driver's license. You know, I had you know i i see i would see people around me driving without tail lights. I'm like, oh, they're going to get pulled over, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: Okay. And, you know, so it's like I seen the signs were and I had the opportunity to call this place and arrange $25 a month. They could have taken that take it off in my license, you know, and I could I could have done it. But I just
Daniel Guerrero: You know, laziness and not willing to
Daniel Guerrero: Pay that damn ticket. You know, I'm doing just fine. You know, and no
Daniel Guerrero: Because of that,
Daniel Guerrero: Position that I am and I just wonderful. Thank you, am I messing up knows
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel, you're not messing up if you can settle. You're almost there, right, you've almost got this settled thought which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I ignored the early signs that I needed to hold myself accountable. I just ignored them. I won't do it today because all you have to do. There's nothing else any of us can do
Gwenevere Abriel: You. I, I, not that you're looking for pride for me. Certainly not, but I am I'm proud of you. And you guys don't get how hard you're working on a daily basis.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to be able to pay bills on time to not be you know in in an abusive relationship to not be back using drugs. Again, it is a testament to how much you want this growth, how much you want a healthy family Daniel you're working hard every day don't minimize that.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I really appreciate that, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Because, you know, it's, you know, I see, I see the progress. I'm just like, you know, one day to day how much progress. My actually making and it's not that I'm looking, you know, I'm looking for a pat on the back. Every, every five minutes of my
Daniel Guerrero: Day, because it's not something that
Daniel Guerrero: I'm looking, I'm looking for. I just, I just want to make sure at the end of the day, you know that my family is set, you know, and because you know I'm not getting any younger, you know. Shit, I'll be 41 and just, you know, few more months and I'm just like, you know, where is it time going
Daniel Guerrero: On it's so
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel. Here's the deal. If what life just did. Was it said, Get off your ass. If that's what just happened. If that's all this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Just imagine it's just that it's not some big, you know, I'm a bad man and Baba, Baba. What if all this is was I ignore the signs and to get off my ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to stop talking and just doing if I say I want to go get this license. I'm going to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I say I'm going to, I want to get these 50 hours down. I want to pay him off. Maybe I'll have my wife come and do it with me. That'll drop it into half
Gwenevere Abriel: Will will basically she'll be paying down that debt to will knock it out. We'll get it done that's in your solution. If you go into remorse and regret and beating the crap out of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to have a depressed man as a client and I'm going to have a man that's going to be thinking about using again, I don't want it. I want you to be proud of what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this thing is just a, it's just a kick in the ass. So what I couldn't get you to. I couldn't kick your ass. Your mom couldn't kick your ass right we can't get you to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's just one inconvenient nuisance. Oh my gosh. Life is full of these, we got to make these calls we got to show up and do these these stupid $25 things that that's just life. It's not like we all have these things you're describing their, their pain in the butt.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, right.
Daniel Guerrero: I just
Daniel Guerrero: Um, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: My, my plate my plate was, you know, heavy at one time, you know, because probation and trying
Daniel Guerrero: To do the right thing. And now, and now that I'm there. You know, I just I just know. I don't know if I want to fill it with probation in jail again, you know, because my life. My life is full right now. You know, I don't have time for those
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Extracurricular activities, you know, to me, that I don't have time for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me what you mean. What's the extracurricular just tell me what you
Daniel Guerrero: Know, because one of the, you know, like, All right, well,
Daniel Guerrero: We're going to give you
Daniel Guerrero: Don't have to go to do some na. Are you gonna have to go and you know
Daniel Guerrero: Do some extra you know classes, whatever, you know, just classes or we're going to put you in, you know, who knows what they're going to say, you know, because I because you know that that DWI was in 2002 I was just a kid, I was 22 years old and I got it.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, here I am 18 years later, and I'm still paying for it because I hadn't taken care of it.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, but I what I did do what I did do though is, as I did.
Daniel Guerrero: Trying to remember. Not if I if I completed a DWI class.
Daniel Guerrero: While I was in prison, I'd have to go back and look at my
Daniel Guerrero: My files because I you know I keep everything that I've done in prison. You know, I keep it all my paperwork. You know, I keep it.
Daniel Guerrero: Just, you know, I can't remember if I completed a DWI class or not. Because if not, then, are they gonna make me do that and
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel, you're in substance abuse treatment program it
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll write a participation letter, you're going to what you'll do. I've got people that are under, under supervision right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Under a DWI supervision for a year and I write a participation letter and they get credit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is more than a this is more than na. This is treatment. These are not classes. This is therapy, you're doing even more. Okay, so you keep talking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep sharing what you're going through. You're not going through this alone. You have people that care about you that really wants you to get what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just don't think you're doing this alone. Keep talking. Talk to your wife, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we've got to come to Daniel I want you to, I want you to leave today with a mindset of I have done much harder things before and I will be okay because you have
Daniel Guerrero: Right, right. Exactly right. I've gone through
Daniel Guerrero: Hell of a whole lot more and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I am doing
Daniel Guerrero: Pretty good. You know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a program on your side. I'm on your side. I want you to have your driver's license. I want you to have your CDs, if you want, I want you to get your GED. If you want, but this right here, this I was 22 I didn't take care of my shit, I'm now paying for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just leave it like that until another summary comes along, that's perfectly fine, but don't add shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't add shame to it. We all do that life catches up with our but we have to pay for it pay for it. Now let's move on. We got to own it.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. You're a good man. You just screwed up here and there, you're paying for it. Okay, so let's pay for it. Let's not have our head in the sand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anymore. If that's if that's what this messages from the universe right now that said you didn't take care of it. You were hoping we would all forget, they don't. They want their money. They want these these little you know I'm saying they want their money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they want their little check marks. They want those stupid boxes checked off.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh well, jump through the hoops Daniel, you're not doing it alone. You have family that loves you. You're in a program I care about you. I want you to succeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep talking to us because did you know that we could write a letter. No, but if you don't talk about it. You don't know what's possible. So keep talking to the people in your life so that we can be a part of your solution.
Daniel Guerrero: Right on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, next. Don't complicate it today, do the next right thing and I'm not kidding. The next right thing will happen you hang up with me. You go over to that building next door. You set up whatever you need to set up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To knock out your list.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just messaged your doctor that I saw you just let me know.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I messaged her doctor. Let me just see if I can
Daniel Guerrero: Get
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked to start video. Let me have you at least see you again.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if we can get that video backup.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got your video up
Or is it not coming back.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How are you doing,
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, good, good.
Daniel Guerrero: No good. You know, it was really good. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome. I'm glad to. I'm glad you talked with me, okay, because since the day I met you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just like the world better. Just watch out because he's got something really special to give and just don't get distracted by all the bullshit of of of your past like that don't get yourself distracted. That isn't who you are, to understand
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you on Monday.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay. Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, bye.
Daniel Guerrero: Have a nice weekend.